purchased our
is that it I thought that was pretty
strong as a feast Valtor is much
stronger than he was as a wizard but I
have an idea there's a spell I learned
on Pyro's that just might work
did you miss us it's good you're all
here
that way I could destroy you all
together power of the flame leave me go
and bind Baltar spire
whoa look it's her dragon fire
I did it before I traveled to the inner
sanctum of your dragon fire and now that
I'm here I'm gonna point out their
dragon fire flame once and for all she's
not here sky she's over there fighting
for all of us your fairy dust erased the
dark magic of the ancestresses and now I
am myself again
a wizard treated from a dark ember of
the great dragon's fire and now I am
myself again a wizard treated from a
dark ember of the great dragon's fire
I'm still going to finish you off I have
a better idea blue something that will
help me achieve my destiny and you'll
finally locate your birth parents I
don't believe you know anything about my
birth parents but the ancient witches -
in fact they hold the key to both our
destinies for you finding Oritel and
miriam and for me achieving the
greatness that I deserve so this is what
I propose to you bloom turn your rage on
the ancestresses and join me together we
will be strong enough to defeat them and
make him give us what we want you and I
are the same bloom we are bookends
matching pieces of the greatest ancient
magic ever to exist the only thing we
have in common is our dragon fire and
right now mine is going to fight yours
until one of them is out so--but I gave
you one last chance
now I'm going to destroy you not if I
destroy you first
saved us but what happened to her is she
gone congratulations girls
bout horse essences no imprisoned with
the ancient witches you're the best
thing that ever happened to me Layla
your Enchantix powers are still
incomplete
but the courage you showed on tides
tells me that you're ready bloom I
believe you now have what it takes to
enter the dark realm of the ancient
witches break their spell and finally
find your birth parents I think I'm
ready mom dad I feel like we're going to
meet very soon
malcolm in the middle' deals with basic
human needs you need somebody to paint
your lawn or mow your house I need
someone to keep me from catching myself
on fire kitty who moves the wrong word
thanks Malcolm in the Middle
Monday Thursday at 7:30